OKAY, LISTEN UP, EVERYBODY!
GATHER ROUND.
I WANT TO THANK YOU ALL FOR A
GREAT FIRST DAY BACK AT WORK
AFTER THE SHUTDOWN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
TO SHOW THAT THEY APPRECIATE
EVERYONE STICKING WITH
THE COMPANY,
THE POWERS BROTHERS ARE GIVING
EVERY EMPLOYEE
A THANKSGIVING TURKEY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
GOT ´EM RIGHT HERE, GEORGE.
HERE YOU GO.
WHAT THE HELL?
THE OVEN´S GONNA BE LIKE, "HEY,
IS IT IN YET?"
HEY, GEORGE.
LONG TIME, NO SEE.
WELL, IF IT ISN´T MY LYING,
SCAMMING HALF BROTHER GEORGE.
CAN I TALK TO YOU IN YOUR
OFFICE?
OH, HEY, DUDE, HOW WAS YOUR
TRIP OVER HERE?
DID YOU SKITCH ON THE BUMPER
OF A BUS?
DID YOU CATCH SOME MAD AIR?
DID YOU GET ALL SAD
WHEN YOU SAW PEOPLE YOUR AGE
DRIVING BY IN CARS?
NO. DO YOU GET ALL SAD
WHEN YOU SEE PEOPLE YOUR AGE
BEING DRIVEN BY IN HEARSES?
HEY, THAT´S MY MOM, OKAY?
SHE´S NOT GONNA
BE IN A HEARSE.
I´M GONNA HAVE
HER HEAD FROZEN,
THEN I´M GONNA PUT IT IN THE
REFRIGERATOR.
SO THAT WAY WHEN I GET ICE
CREAM, IT´LL BE A DOUBLE TREAT.
GEORGE, I GOT SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU.
LOOK, MAN, I KNOW YOU´RE
HERE FOR MONEY,
BUT YOU´RE NOT GETTING MORE
THAN 10 BUCKS.
I DON´T NEED ANY MONEY.
I CAME HERE TO TELL YOU THAT OUR
DAD´S REALLY SICK.
ALL RIGHT, $20.
NOW, HOP ON YOUR BOARD AND GO
CRACK YOUR HUEVOS ON A HANDRAIL.
I´M SERIOUS, DUDE.
HE´S GOT KIDNEY DISEASE.
I JUST TALKED
TO HIM LAST WEEK.
IF HE WAS SICK, WHY DIDN´T HE
SAY ANYTHING?
HE´S FIGURED HE´S PUT YOU
THROUGH ENOUGH ALREADY.
HE DOESN´T WANT
TO WORRY YOU.
HE NEEDS A NEW KIDNEY, MAN.
I´M GONNA GIVE HIM ONE OF MINE.
MAN, THAT´S HARD-CORE.
I CAME OVER ´CAUSE I THOUGHT
MAYBE I COULD GET MOM AND DAD
IN FROM PHOENIX
AND THE WHOLE FAMILY COULD BE
TOGETHER FOR THANKSGIVING.
YEAH. HAVE TO DEAL
WITH MY MOM,
BUT, YEAH, MAYBE WE COULD DO IT
AT MY HOUSE.
OH, DUDE, THAT´D BE GREAT.
THAT´D REALLY CHEER DAD UP.
I´LL CALL HIM.
SEE YOU AT THANKSGIVING.
HEY, HERE!
STUFF THIS WITH A CROUTON
AND STAY HOME!
GEORGE!
GEORGE, WHAT THE HELL WAS HE
TALKING ABOUT --
"SEE YOU AT THANKSGIVING?"
LOOK, MOM, I DECIDED TO INVITE
MANNY AND HIS FAMILY OVER.
NO. HELL, NO.
YOU KNOW, IT´S BAD ENOUGH
YOU LET THAT IDIOT BACK
INTO YOUR LIFE.
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO SHOVE HIM
INTO MINE?
MANNY´S SICK, MOM.
HE´S GOT KIDNEY DISEASE.
WELL, WHY DIDN´T YOU SAY SO?
OF COURSE MANNY CAN COME.
THIS YEAR WHEN WE GO
AROUND THE TABLE
AND SAY WHAT
WE´RE THANKFUL FOR,
LET ME GO FIRST.
[ INTRO TO WAR´S "LOW RIDER"
PLAYS ]
♫ ALL MY FRIENDS
KNOW THE LOW RIDER ♫
♫ THE LOW RIDER
IS A LITTLE HIGHER ♫
THAT TURKEY LOOKS LIKE A
PTERODACTYL.
AND HOW DO YOU SPELL
"PTERODACTYL"?
THAT TURKEY
LOOKS LIKE A DUCK.
HEY, MOM, LOOK AT THIS ANTIQUE
CHARM BRACELET
GRANDMA LYDIA GAVE ME.
SHE GOT IT IN ITALY.
LYDIA, YOU SHOULDN´T
SPOIL THE KIDS.
WHY NOT?
SHE SPOILED MY MARRIAGE.
SHE SPOILED HER SON.
OH, LOOK.
THE GUACAMOLE´S TURNING BROWN
JUST ´CAUSE SHE´S SITTING
NEXT TO IT.
ANGIE, I JUST CAN´T HELP
SPOILING THESE CHILDREN.
THEY ARE SO ADORABLE.
AND BESIDES, HAVING A FEMALE
GRANDMOTHER
WILL BE GOOD FOR THEM.
LUCKY FOR YOU,
DRAG QUEENS COUNT.
GREAT GAME.
YEAH.
IT´S PRETTY CLOSE.
VERY CLOSE.
YOU KNOW, IF I´D KNOWN YOU WERE
SICK, MAN, I WOULD HAVE CALLED.
I DIDN´T TELL YOU
BECAUSE I DIDN´T WANT YOU TO
FEEL SORRY FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, I´M WORRIED
ABOUT MY DAD.
HE´S GOT THAT SLEEP APNEA
SNORING THING
WHERE YOUR HEART STOPS.
HE LIKES TO SLEEP ON THE COUCH,
AND SOMETIMES I HAVE
A LADY OVER.
TOUGH TO GET A KISS
FROM YOUR DATE
AFTER SHE´S JUST SEEN YOU GIVE
YOUR DAD MOUTH-TO-MOUTH.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT ABOUT
CALLING.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
IT´S OKAY.
YEAH.
OH, GREAT!
TOUCHDOWN!
ALL RIGHT!
[ LAUGHS ]
I THOUGHT YOU WERE FOR UCLA.
ANGE, ARE WE READY TO EAT?
YEAH, WE´RE JUST WAITING FOR
YOUR BROTHER.
WOW, SOMETHING SURE
SMELLS GREAT.
WHY, THANK YOU, GEORGE.
I HAD IT BLENDED IN A
PERFUMERY IN PARIS.
THEY REALLY CAPTURED THE SMELL
OF BAKED TURKEY.
CARMEN, GET OFF THE PHONE!
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
GRAB A DISH.
OH, ANGIE, THIS IS SO GREAT --
TWO FAMILIES COMING
TOGETHER FOR THANKSGIVING.
WHAT IS THE NAME OF GEORGE´S
STRANGE FRIEND AGAIN?
ERNIE.
AH, YES, ERNIE.
I WILL NOT SIT NEXT TO HIM.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
GEORGE.
GEORGE, SO GLAD YOU
COULD MAKE IT.
THIS IS FOR YOU.
SORRY. I KIND OF DRANK
HALF OF IF.
WELL, WHY DON´T WE JUST CALL
THIS YOUR BOTTLE?
YOU´RE NOT SUPPOSED TO DRINK.
YOU´RE GIVING YOUR FATHER
A KIDNEY.
I CAN´T GIVE HIM MY KIDNEY.
THE FINAL TESTS CAME IN, AND
WE´RE NOT COMPATIBLE.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
LET´S EAT!
WHAT´S HAPPENING, LITTLE
BROTHER?
HEY, MAX, WE FINALLY MADE IT TO
THE BIG TABLE, HUH?
BUT I STILL GOT THE SAME CHAIR!
THIS IS A VERY SPECIAL
THANKSGIVING.
I MEAN, WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT A
GUY WHO GREW UP AN ONLY CHILD
WOULD BE STANDING IN FRONT OF A
FATHER AND A BROTHER
AND A MOTHER
WHO LIED ABOUT ALL OF YOU?
TO THE FIRST OF MANY HOLIDAYS
WE´RE GONNA SPEND TOGETHER,
AND TO MY BROTHER,
WHO´S SHOWN ME WHAT REAL COURAGE
IS BY GIVING MANNY A KIDNEY.
AND IT´S BECAUSE OF THIS HERO --
I´M SORRY --
THAT I´M GONNA HAVE THE TIME TO
GET TO KNOW MY FATHER.
NO, YOU´RE NOT.
JORGITO´S KIDNEY DIDN´T MATCH.
BUT THE DOCTOR SAID...
I KNOW.
I´M AB NEGATIVE, BUT OUR BLOOD´S
NOT A COMPLETE MATCH.
I´M SORRY, DAD.
IT´S NOT YOUR FAULT.
I´M FEELING A LITTLE
RESPONSIBLE HERE, MANNY.
I PRAYED FOR YOUR DEATH FOR
A LONG TIME.
BENNY, YOUR PRAYERS DIDN´T
CAUSE THIS.
OKAY...BUT I SPECIFICALLY ASKED
FOR KIDNEY DISEASE.
THERE´S STILL ONE LAST HOPE.
YOU DO HAVE ANOTHER SON.
GEORGE IS AB NEGATIVE.
REMEMBER? YOU REMEMBER.
AT THE BLOOD DRIVE, THE NURSE
WANTED YOU TO GIVE MORE BLOOD
BECAUSE YOU WERE SO RARE.
AAH!
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
WELL, I DON´T KNOW
ABOUT A KIDNEY,
BUT WHO WANTS A DRUMSTICK?
WANT SOME DESSERT?
I´M GONNA DIE.
MY LAST THANKSGIVING.
MY LAST FOOTBALL GAME.
MY LAST EVERYTHING.
PIE´S PRETTY GOOD.
GEORGE, I´M SCARED.
MANNY, I KNOW WHAT YOU
MUST BE THINKING.
WHAT´S THAT?
THAT WE´RE STILL STRANGERS TO
EACH OTHER, MAN,
AND IT´S NOT RIGHT FOR YOU TO
ASK ME FOR MY KIDNEY.
NO, THAT´S NOT WHAT I´M
THINKING.
COME ON, MAN, DON´T DO THIS.
I´VE ONLY SEEN YOU THREE
TIMES IN MY LIFE,
AND ONE OF THOSE TIMES, I
PUNCHED YOU.
I NEED A KIDNEY.
YOU CAN GIVE ME THE
GIFT OF LIFE.
YOU KNOW, ANGIE´S KIND OF IN
CHARGE OF THE GIFT GIVING.
I KNOW I´M ASKING A HUGE
SACRIFICE,
AND I PROBABLY
DON´T DESERVE IT.
I´M WITH YOU SO FAR.
IT´S YOUR DECISION.
I RESPECT WHATEVER YOU DO.
GEORGE...
OH.
CAN I TALK TO YOU?
SURE, LYDIA.
YOUR FATHER NEEDS YOUR HELP.
HE´S AT THE BOTTOM OF THE
TRANSPLANT LIST.
JORGE...
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
COME ON, LYDIA, PLEASE.
I SHOULDN´T BEG.
IF YOU DON´T GIVE YOUR KIDNEY TO
THE MAN WHO GAVE YOU LIFE,
I WILL COME WHERE YOU´RE
SLEEPING,
AND I WILL RIP IT OUT MYSELF.
I KIND OF MISS THE BEGGING.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THE NERVE OF
THAT GUY,
ASKING YOU TO SAVE HIS LIFE
AFTER HE WALKED OUT OF YOURS?
LOOK, IF I WERE IN HIS PLACE,
MOM, I´D DO THE SAME THING.
HE HAS NO OTHER OPTIONS.
WELL, THERE´S ONE I LIKE.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THIS.
[ IMITATING MONITOR BEEPING ]
[ IMITATING FLATLINE ]
MOM!
SO...WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO, HONEY?
I DON´T KNOW, ANGIE.
I MEAN, HE IS MY DAD.
NO, HE´S NOT.
I WAS YOUR DAD.
I BROUGHT HOME THE BACON,
I GAVE YOU YOUR FIRST BEER, I
TAUGHT YOU HOW TO SHAVE.
YEAH, ALL IN THE SAME DAY.
GEORGE, IF YOU
HADN´T BEEN DRUNK,
THOSE CUTS WOULD HAVE HURT.
ANGIE, WHAT DO YOU THINK
I SHOULD DO?
THIS IS
YOUR DECISION, HONEY.
I CAN´T MAKE IT FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW ALL THE RISKS.
BUT NO MATTER WHAT YOU DECIDE,
I´LL STAND BY YOU.
I CAN´T BELIEVE YOU ARE EVEN
THINKING ABOUT THIS.
YOU´RE HIS SON.
WHAT IF YOU END UP WITH BAD
KIDNEYS LIKE HIM?
ARE YOU GONNA TAKE THE CHANCE
OF JUST HAVING ONE?
HEY, I GOT FOUR SPARE KIDNEYS
SLEEPING UP IN THEIR
ROOM RIGHT NOW.
GEORGE.
WHAT´S THE USE OF HAVING KIDS
IF YOU CAN´T USE THEM FOR PARTS?
OKAY. EXACTLY.
NOW, WHAT IF I NEED A KIDNEY,
BUT YOU´VE ALREADY GIVEN YOUR
SPARE TO MANNY?
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU´RE
SUPPOSED TO DO?
PLEASE TELL ME.
[ IMITATING FLATLINE ]
WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOING UP?
HE COULDN´T SLEEP, AND
HE WOKE ME UP.
YOU KNOW WHAT I DO WHEN
I CAN´T SLEEP?
I JUST READ SOME OF
CARMEN´S POETRY.
"IF MY TEARS COULD WATER THE
WORLD, I..."
AFTER THE OPERATION, I´M GONNA
HIDE YOUR PAIN MEDICATION.
WHY CAN´T YOU SLEEP?
I DON´T WANT DAD TO DIE.
I DON´T WANT YOU TO HAVE THE
KIDNEY OPERATION.
MAX, YOU SHOULDN´T EVEN BE
THINKING ABOUT THIS.
WHAT IF THE OPERATION GOES BAD?
LOOK, MAX, I´M GONNA BE
AROUND A LONG TIME, OKAY?
LONG ENOUGH TO BE A STRAIN
ON YOUR MARRIAGE.
I´LL LIVE IN YOUR GARAGE.
MAYBE I´LL LOSE IT AND START
CALLING YOUR WIFE "MOMMY."
BUT I WILL STILL
BE HERE, OKAY?
DAD, I DON´T WANT YOU TO
DO THIS.
PLEASE, DON´T DO THIS.
OKAY, I THINK HE HEARD
YOU, HONEY.
COME ON.
LET´S GO UPSTAIRS AND GO TO BED.
[ IMITATING FLATLINE ]
WHERE´S GEORGE?
HE´S OUT ON A WALK, THINKING.
THAT´S GOOD.
I´M GLAD YOU´RE BOTH HERE.
I HAVE SOMETHING I HAVE
TO TELL YOU.
I HAD A DREAM LAST NIGHT.
GOD CAME TO ME.
HE SAID HE DOESN´T WANT YOU TO
TAKE MY SON´S KIDNEY.
HE WANTS YOU TO DIE.
OKAY, I THINK I MADE MY
DECISION.
OKAY, YOU HEARD IT.
IT´S A "NO."
IT´S OVER. THAT´S IT.
MOM, MOM, LET ME DO THIS.
I´M GONNA GIVE YOU MY KIDNEY.
THANK GOD!
WHAT?
I DON´T KNOW WHERE MY KIDNEY IS,
BUT I THINK YOU´RE DAMAGING IT.
JUST TELL ME WHAT I NEED TO DO
WITH THE TESTS AND EVERYTHING.
I´LL MAKE ALL THE ARRANGEMENTS,
AND GOD BLESS YOU, GEORGE.
MAYBE WE SHOULD GO.
GEORGE...THANK YOU.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO YOU,
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO?
WHAT HAPPENED TO "I´LL STAND BY
YOU NO MATTER WHAT"?
I NEVER THOUGHT YOU´D AGREE TO
HAVE YOUR KIDNEY CUT OUT.
YOU CAN´T EVEN HANDLE A COLD,
YOU BIG BABY.
WELL, I THINK I´M DOING THE
RIGHT THING.
I´M BEING NOBLE, ANGIE.
I DIDN´T MARRY A NOBLE MAN.
I MARRIED YOU.
FOR ONCE, SHE´S RIGHT.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU THINKING?
LOOK, I´M THINKING THIS IS MY
CHANCE TO GIVE SOMETHING BACK.
GROWING UP, IT WAS ALWAYS ABOUT
WHAT WE COULD TAKE FROM PEOPLE.
WE KEPT NEIGHBORS´ PACKAGES.
WE DID OUR CLOTHES SHOPPING
AT THE LAUNDROMAT.
MOM, WE´RE THE REASON LUGGAGE
ISN´T ALLOWED
AT THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT
RESTAURANTS.
OUR WHOLE LIVES, WE NEVER
GAVE ANYTHING.
WE´RE TAKERS, MOM.
GEORGE, OF COURSE
WE´RE TAKERS.
WE DON´T HAVE ANYTHING
TO GIVE.
NOW I DO.
THAT´S MY BEER.
I CAN´T HELP IT!
I´M A TAKER!
WHAT´S EVERYBODY YELLING ABOUT?
YOU EXPLAIN THIS.
WHAT´S GOING ON?
MAX...
I´M GONNA GIVE YOUR
GRANDPA A KIDNEY.
NO!
LISTEN TO ME, MAX.
I´M SAVING A MAN´S LIFE.
DAD, HE´S A STRANGER.
HE´S SUPEROLD.
DID YOU SEE THE HOCKEY STICK HE
GOT ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY?
IT´S PLASTIC.
ALL GOOD REASONS
TO LET HIM DIE.
BUT LOOK AT
IT THIS WAY, SON --
WHAT IF I WAS SICK AND THERE WAS
A WAY YOU COULD HELP ME?
WOULDN´T YOU DO IT?
YEAH.
WELL, THAT´S WHAT I´M DOING
FOR MY DAD.
COME ON, MAN, THEY DO THESE
SURGERIES ALL THE TIME.
I´M GONNA BE FINE, MAX.
ARE YOU SURE?
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU CAN TELL EVERYONE THAT
YOUR DAD´S A HERO.
I´LL COME DOWN TO YOUR SCHOOL
AND SHOW OFF MY SCAR.
THERE´S GONNA BE A SCAR?
BUT YOU´RE A BIG BABY.
YOU CAN´T EVEN HANDLE A COLD.
[ Weakly ] "MAX, CAN YOU PUT
SOME HONEY IN MY TEA?
IT HURTS EVERY
TIME I SWALLOW."
IT WAS A VERY BAD COLD!
THE KIND PEOPLE USED
TO DIE FROM!
I CAN NEVER DO NOTHING
IN THIS HOUSE!
[ SNORING ]
[ SNORTS ]
GEORGE, SHE
STOPPED BREATHING.
MAYBE IT´S SLEEP APNEA,
AND HER HEART STOPPED.
IT´S GOD´S WILL.
I THINK SHE NEEDS
MOUTH-TO-MOUTH.
SHE LIVED A GOOD LIFE.
GEORGE, IN A FEW MINUTES, HER
BRAIN WILL BE DEAD!
ALL RIGHT,
I´LL RESUSCITATE HER.